good day in this tutorial I'm gonna show
you how to determine the true length of
a pentagonal pyramid here we have the
front view of a pentagonal pyramid and
the top view of a pentagonal pyramid the
two views are separated with an XY line
this drawing is given in first angle or
for graphic projection to start off it
is very important to remember that a
line can only be a true length if that
same line is parallel to the XY in the
other view in other words if I want to
determine line 5 T my front view as a
true length then line 5 T in my top view
should be parallel to the XY line
currently line 5 T is not parallel to
the XY line step 1 from the tip of my
top view draw a parallel construction
line with the XY cut to the left here
it's clear to see that I drew a
construction line from the tip parallel
to the XY line out to the left step 2
place your compass at the tip of your
pyramid stretch it to base corner 5 and
draw an arc to intersect with the
parallel line step 3
from the intersection of your
construction draw a vertical line all
the way up to the front view step 4
extend the base of your front view so
that it intersects with the political
line you have drawn the last step is to
connect the tip of my front view to the
intersection of the extended base this
now is my true length and I'll draw a
solid line to indicate line 5 T as a
true length and right in capital letters
the abbreviation
pl-4 true length congratulations you are
now able to determine the true length of
the sort of a pentagonal pyramid thank
you